I keep him in a jar and haven't told anyone. Yuthen, that's his name or was. Our friendship started when he would beg outside my apartment door and the worst mistake I made was getting involved.

It was Friday when this all started, he was begging or hustling as Yuthen would call it. I had strapped up in my Nike freerunners, shorts, and t-shirt ready to go for my morning run. Little did I know that as I stepped out of my apartment, I would meet a young boy who would change my life forever. Yuthen sat on a strip of cardboard near my steps, soot stricken caramel skin, a torn shirt, and briefs above his bare pin-like legs.

"Are you alright?" I asked, unsure of how to react. It was the first time I'd seen a homeless child around my area. Upstate was known for clean walkways and green parks, not the chewing gum roads you found downtown.

"Morning Misa," Yuthen said, "money for food, please."

My first instinct was to reach for my pocket, the second was to wonder about where this child came from. "Where are your parents?" I pulled out my wallet.

Yuthen kept his eyes on the black leather in my hands, while with his right hand he drew a line in the air across his throat. "Gone, Misa. I'm just try to make money for food now." The curt way he said it with distant eyes and a hunger for the money in my hand, irked me. This kid had seen and done things far beyond his years.

The moment he had the twenty dollars in his grasp he cradled it to his chest, and gave me a pearly white smile, lighting up his green eyes like jewels. "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Misa," Yuthen said, "I also can do work if you needing."

I knelt down, feeling terrible, and with the intention of contacting the council to get some definitive parental care. "For now you just stay here," I said, "you've got lovely eyes and a great smile, lot's of people will stop. I'll be back soon."

"Hustling," Yuthen said, as I stood.

"Huh?"

"My uncle say I have the eye for hustle." Yuthen's mischevious glare became more youthful again.

This uncle became an important piece to the puzzle, undoubtedly using Yuthen for money instead of sending him to school.

The council jumped on board right away. Well not right away, but after I mentioned going to the press and youth services in the area to put the spotlight on the homeless children narrative.

Not wanting a bad name for our city, they had Child Youth and Family workers planning a visit to the kid's home pronto. For now, they asked if I could keep an eye on him until someone came to pick him up.

I didn't mind that much as Friday was my day off, and so I offered to take care of Yuthen for a few hours.

I gave the kid a spare t-shirt, shorts, and enough peanut butter jelly sandwidches to last him a week. Yuthen didn't want to come inside as he thought it was rude, but migrated from his strip of cardboard to my steps.

"How will I ever repay you, Misa?" he asked while eating the third sandwich in a row.

"Not all things need payment," I tried to explain.

"Respect," he said, touching his chest and then knocking a fist to my knee, "this is two-way things. You give to me, I need give back, it's balance."

His idea of how the world worked ate away at me. Yuthen was naive as any child, but in the same breath, the influence of adult ideas were clear. "How old are you?" I asked.

He dusted his bread crumb-ridden fingers across his shorts. I tried not to smirk at his using the clothes for a tea towel. My mother used to scold me for the habit and would have rapped me over the head, no doubt.

Yuthen counted off the years on his fingers and then showed me nine. "This is me," he said, "you?"

I grinned. "A little more than that." We laughed. "But I'd like to see you get like me one day, maybe meet a nice girl, many of them will like your green eyes."

Yuthen grinned stupidly. "You have girlfriend?"

I didn't and hadn't for a while now. But as I got ready to reply the Child Youth and Family people pulled up. We got to talking and they mentioned they had the situation under control and that it was no longer my problem.

As much as it hurt to say goodbye to a kid I'd liked chatting too, it was the right thing to do. I always remembered Yuthen's look of relief as they told him he'd be taken care of. The last words he said to me were, "Pay you back, Misa. Promise."

I figured it was as good as any child's word. Oh boy, how wrong I'd been.

A week had passed since I'd seen Yuthen. Though his cardboard strip still remained outside like a forgotten home.

It was raining on this night, thundering in fact, and I was curled up on the sofa reading through my Kindle.

At 9:00 pm there was a knock on the door, at first I thought I'd misheard, but shortly after the loud knock came again.

I put the chain lock in and then opened the door a fraction wide, only there was no one there. Instead, a small jar of red liquid had been placed on the door mat, it had something bobbing inside it.

Unchaining the lock took courage, stepping outside while looking left to right did as well. As soon as the jar was in my grasp, I darted back and slammed the door, breathing in short gasps and completely spooked by the event.

I took a seat on my couch to examine the jar properly. It had a metal lid, a transparent glass exterior with the remnants of a sticker peeled away. And amidst the red liquid, two small shapes were bobbing up and down.

I had to look twice to make sure my assessment was true. And then felt nauseous, on the verge of puking.

Bobbing up and down inside the jar were a pair of human eyes, both of them bright green.
